[Music]
smear the losers club is officially
begun
[Music]
we can do this but you have to stick
together
[Music]
we all feel afraid sometimes
you never know
what's going to decide your future
[Music]
these are my co-workers jobs please
what if somebody calls the cops and says
what I spent five thousand dollars at a
strip club send help
we're family now
a family with money
and when would you say that things got
out of control so the guy went back
three more times he must have liked it
[Music]
I wanted to know
there is nothing
they gonna stop it
[Music]
you tell us about the Lima project its
objective was to search for advanced
extraterrestrial life the ship
disappeared approximately 16 years into
the mission and the commander was he was
my father Sir this might come as quite a
shock to you your father was
experimenting with a highly classified
material that could threaten our entire
solar system all life would be destroyed
we're counting on you to find out what's
happening out there are you ready I'm
ready
[Music]
I need your help a costume I'll be there
in the morning milady
don't you worry
[Music]
so we really go on with it you mean
leave Downton
[Music]
Downton Abbey's the heart of this
community and you're keeping it beating
hey boy or girl yeah you're definitely a
boy I don't know where you came from he
escaped
I want my yeti back is that your home no
way is it just me
[Music]
or is it getting crazier out there
though your harvies akin smile even
though it's breaking when there are
cloud in the sky
you'll get by but if you see sorrows
maybe tomorrow
[Music]
what's so funny just freak
you made a person out of another person
then you sent me to kill him
we made a choice to do this to me this
thing to here struggle went was fear
embrace it and then overcome it
and all the people in the world to come
after me why would he send you
just got really as tight as you can make
it hello Wednesday what do you have
there I'm not sure strange there's
usually a motorist clown attached to the
other end of these
[Music]
come now Gomez
don't forget to kick your father good
night Yes Mother
fire in the hole
[Music]
you sunk my battleship well done Pugsley
there have asked me to marry him no I
wasn't really asking nor was I love
doesn't always end well beasty trust me
let us prove you wrong you have done an
admirable job going against your own
nature to raise this child but now she
will finally get the love of a real
mother tonight I consider Aurora
my what have you done
Aurora
mr. s :
she picked up the boy he's from Berkeley
Berkeley you have weed Dave do I look
like the type of person that would have
weed I'm sorry
hmm yeah have nothing against hippies I
just wanna beat the outta we're
gonna go get her we're at it door start
talking you first
[Music]
[Applause]
who are you
my name is Sarah Connor
I've never seen one like you before
almost human
I am human
don't you care what happens to her
because I was her
hold your magic like me I need you to
listen to me the world's hungry place a
dark place
hi there I only met two or three people
like us they died
when I was a kid I bumped into these
things
[Music]
I don't know about magic I I was called
it the shining you were great at your
job when you start it right now it's
like you don't care anymore
yeah hi hi Kyle I'm a mess I was really
sick and I nearly died I hope he hooks
they get weird but I don't think you'll
get weird
no I'm just scared all the time and they
just expect me to be normal but they
always like there's no such thing as
normal it's just being a human being is
hard maybe you should do something nice
for someone deck the halls with boughs
of holly fa la la la la la la la la tis
the season to be jolly oh boy
welcome to the sounds of agencies we
exist because traditional law
enforcement can't keifa I don't like
that
like lady spies thanks former mi6 Oh God
what did you do to spend my compressed
his carotid and deoxygenated his brain
stem
well that sounds painful don't worry
he's gonna wake up unless he doesn't
Sabina runs the ground game Santos stuff
let's get the weapon before it becomes
every bad guy's favorite new toy take
her to the closet cheer her up we're
gonna need some wigs we're still in the
first posit there's another closet
[Music]
Carroll Shelby maybe Lee Iacocca Ford
Motor suppose henry ford ii wanted to
build the greatest race car the world's
ever seen
to win the 24 Hours of LeMans what's it
take I'll take something money can't buy
he can buy speed what in about speed you
need a pure racer behind a wheeler car
that's Ken miles I don't trust him an
inch we heard he's difficult
no no Ken's a puppy dog
we're lighter faster
that don't work for nastier
we're gonna make history
Elsa the past is not what it seems
you must find the truth
across the enchanted lands and into the
unknown
but be careful
[Music]
hey I'm looking for Fred Rogers in here
it's a beautiful day in this
neighborhood a beautiful day for a
neighbor would you be mine could you be
mine
please vote you be my neighbor
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen I would like to
request that you all stay until the
investigation is completed
what can we ask why has something
changed no no it hasn't changed or no we
can't ask one of his family walls is
that what you're suggesting
[Music]
you are loved twisting the knife into
one another up your ass oh very nice
back we check how's that
eat definitely eat filled
execute turn signal back they're going
actually step out of the vehicle for me
could you please hurry up what are you
saying it's just cold
[Music]
just it was self-defense within the
black male class we don't have to outrun
them
you just have to make sure they don't
know where we are
[Music]